No need, the old man is here.
You came at the right time.
Now let's give the West School land to the To.
Obligations
The old man stood up for this today.
No, no, no, I'll be polite to you.
How dare I save your land?
It's okay, even my granddaughter's birthday should be done wholeheartedly.
Moreover, this is your request.
Me, you dare to refuse.
Impossible, this Ye Chen has actually invited the Eastern Zhou family.
Fuck.
We've both just done that to him.
The car's done.
The young master seemed to be lucky that this little boy did have some energy.
Later if anything happens.
You pull out the person I brought with you first to help them do that.
You talk too quietly.
I could live a little longer if I said less than one sentence.
If the owner tells you to take it, you take it.
I told you.
This land is given to the Moon.
Go away.
Mr. Zhou family s sister Ye is really a thin blessing.
How can I sell such a heavy gift, sorry?
I can't take this land.
Master Zhou, you are a highly respected elder.
Now I want to use a piece of land and force me to marry.
I'd rather die.
When will I let you marry me?
It was the Road that asked me to give this land to Su Thi.
Congratulations on a hundred years together.
The old man couldn t help but know who his master was.
My Master
Haha, I'm kidding.
It was a rush.
There was no first time greeting the owner.
Come on, my lord.